and I wanted to apply for a license on behalf of
bruno's interactive sport read some
words here is in honor of luciano
from the valley of course we have some photos
including the luciano for us power
talk a little bit about this master
the interactive sport and Brazil are of
mourning the death of the announcer luciano do valle
today in uberlândia where he would narrate a
football game left the universe of
sport very sad
as galvão bueno just said to
Brazilian communication becomes poorer
from today's recent history of
Brazilian sport passes through the
luciano del valle our passion for
sports certainly got stronger by
influence of emotions in it
brought luciano narrou
some of the first broadcasts of the
interactive sport at the beginning still in the
band is part of our history.
much to be honored but his inspiration
for all of us it is even stronger and more
full luciano taught the Brazilians
to vibrate with volleyball by bringing the
memorable games for the maracanã and
to help Brazil become one of the
power in the world has opened
space for the whole country 20 our
queens hortencia and paula in basketball
presented the nbn brazil created maguila
and rui hat gave voice to formula 1 and phase
aurea of ​​emerson fittipaldi in formula
Indy made beach sports more
popular with broadcasts in summer
live broadcast and was the technician of the
brazilian master's
prowess of being a pellet technician and
all this put on the show the
sport that was the great inspiration for
our ball fever we can pass the
program here, listing the
Snapper contribution of the valle
brazilian sport
but we would prefer to acknowledge and
to pay homage today the end of the talk is dedicated
to the master of narration that
which was a reference for us all
interactive sport storytellers
we are all sports narrators to man
who told stories with emotion the person
who dedicated his life to such a passion
Brazilian your Red Snapper wafer
vale is a very sad day for everyone
we
Bruno because luciano was the guy who
transformed the language of narration
brazilian until the luciano that you are
very young
there is a way to teach football in the
television and it was a much more
descriptive because we had the image
we had to see what was
then the narrators happened when the
people started to have
football on tv
he simply described what was
happening
man dominates the ball touches to the left
dominated cross pelé goal of Brazil
until valley luciano
luciano do valle was the one who allowed himself
bring emotion to a transmission and
You go and we 'll see some of you.
these nations here first
narrations of the valley of the snapper was very
more radio than television and this
emotion a goal scream
luciano del valle shouted google talk and
a powerful voice that he not only in the ra
bo he shout gugu he was thrilled he
transformed forever
the transmissions of the Brazilian television
and it is no wonder that the interactive sport
has a way of transmitting much
similar to the valley's
that the galvão that another big name
sports narration on luciano television
of the valley is much closer to the sport
interactive in this sense besides having
been one of the sport's narrators
interactive at first as I said is not
A good night, but a change.